support setting untested as percentage (#30)
grosser/go-testcov: Readme.md

 - Highlight untested code sections with inline `// untested section` comment
 - Onboard untested code (top of the file `// untested sections: 5` comment)
 - Ignore untested files (top of the file `// untested sections: ignore` comment)

>  - Ignore large amounts of poorly tested code (top of the file `// untested sections: 50%` comment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - See no evil (top of the file `// untested sections: 50%` comment)
```

Reviewer: state less than or equal to?

Author: kk, will add
